 Welcome everyone. In today's case, we will solve a profitability case where I am the candidate and Doa is the interviewer. For those who don't know him, he also has four years of experience at BCG. And let's see how he's going to do as an interviewer. Yeah, let's get started. All right, Deniz. So today's case is going to be about our client named Simio. He is a large cement  this case. Fantastic. Thanks for the opportunity. So just to make sure that I understand the initial ask, the client's name is Semio, which is a cement manufacturer. And we said that they faced profitability decline in the past two years. It used to be 10%, now it's 2%. And we're hard to help them understand some main reasons and also help them devise recovery strategies. Did I get it right? That's right. Fantastic. Just to start off with the definition of cement, is it the one  Okay, all right. And so for today's case, then is that okay if I just only focus on the Indonesian business? Sure, let's go, yeah. Okay, fantastic. And lastly, what does the client see as success here? Do we have any financial or strategic objectives with this turnaround strategies? Sure, yeah. So they want to generate at least $500 million within the next three years. And that's cumulative $500 million? Cumulative, yeah.  client in the market, which will then help me in my second analysis, which is the root cause diagnosis section. This is the part where I would like to dig deeper into the numbers and really understand where the problems are coming from. Third, based on those issues that we figure out, I would love to discuss some recovery strategies. And finally, as my fourth section, I would love to discuss some risks. Now, getting into the details to understand our client's context. First of all,  And lastly, we should look at the competition, their market share. I would love to emphasize that the areas that I mentioned so far are just a snapshot. I don't want to get into the trends yet. This will just help me really understand the problem at hand.  analysis. What I mean by this is, say our profitability is going down, specifically our costs are going up in one segment. We would love to dig deeper into understanding, is it because of the labor union problems or perhaps just the wages overall increase throughout the country? So really just digging deeper into those issues. In terms of the recovery strategies, I don't know the problem yet, but just broadly, we can categorize it under direct and indirect strategies. So on the direct,  regulatory aspects. How does my framework sound like? That sounds quite comprehensive. I really loved it. And yeah, then my question is, which specific section in the framework you would like to focus now? Let's delve into our candidate's performance during the case study so far, starting with his strengths. The candidate showed strong business acumen by avoiding the common mistake of immediately delving into revenue or cost trends in profitability case studies.  often making eye contact with the interviewer, which help keep the conversation engaging and personal. However, even with these strengths, there is an area for improvement. Despite not greatly affecting his overall performance, the candidate could enhance his root cause analysis, incorporating factors such as price trends, volume changes, and variable and fixed cost trends into his framework would give it more depth and offer a more holistic view of the situation.  Regarding the products, we used to have some other products, but now we only have one type of product, which is ordinary Portland cement, that's called. And this type of product is sold to the large companies that we work traditionally with. And you can suppose that this is the market that we are targeting with only one single product. Got it.  etc. And then we have heavy construction firms that build large buildings, private or public funded. And we have small construction firms. So three segments. OK, so just to clarify, I got the second and third. So the second one is heavy construction companies. The third is small customer segments, the small construction companies. What was the first one again? The construction firms work on large infrastructure.  news. The vast majority of the business is with large infrastructure companies. I would say somewhere around almost 70%. Then it's followed by heavy construction, light construction companies. So we're dealing with a huge issue here of profit margin decline. So perhaps the issues come from the large infrastructure, given how big they are. But to further validate this hypothesis, do we have any data regarding the revenue or even the cost trends for each of those customer segments?  Fantastic. It seems that besides having the revenue level data, we actually have one level deeper, which is quantity and price side. And it seems that looking into the quantity first, then I'll discuss the price evolution. On the quantity side, we see a drop in large infrastructure as well as the heavy construction projects over time. But the issue within large infrastructure  So those projects were traditionally funded by the government. And in the past years, it's an issue across all emerging economies, but especially in Indonesia, there has been also a decline in the public spending on infrastructure.  It's the same, the same for that segment. Fantastic. So then this would mean that other competitors also face a similar issue. Very similar issue. Okay. That's fantastic. Looks like now we've exhausted our revenue diagnosis. Now let's move on to the cost. So you said that we don't have any data on the segment level, but do we have anything on the consolidated level by any chance? Because I want to make sure that there is nothing wrong on the cost side.  It is clear that there is a revenue decline. We've discussed this before. Now, moving on to the cost side, let's get started first with the fixed costs. It used to be 272, which then increased to 80. In terms of the percentages, though, it is a very minimal increase. So I'm not too bothered by it. I would imagine that it might be even due to inflation or other reasons. Of course, it probably contributed to an extent, but probably not the major concern of ours.  need to divide 1.35 or 1,350 by 1,800 to get to the ratio. So those two values should be divided by 450. So that's three divided by four. 75% is the variable cost to revenue ratio on 2020. Now moving to 2022, is that okay if I skip 2021? Yeah, let's only compare 2022 to 2020.  what might be some causes to that? Do we have any data? Yeah. What might be the main reasons for this? So we said earlier something about the economic crisis, right? So this means there's a lower demand. And I would imagine that if there is lower demand for such raw materials, whatever we use to make concrete or cement in this case, due to a lower demand, if the supply doesn't change, the  one of the reasons contributing to this trend so our client is procuring their products based on the foreign uh yes a foreign exchange denominated products interesting so just to summarize our learning so far there are two main issues one of them is on the revenue side we're selling less to our major accounts because there is economic crisis right and the second issue we discuss is our rising especially the variable costs yes there is some issue on the fixed cost but more on the  the case. He adhered to his framework and took the initiative to suggest next steps, effectively reducing the need for prompts from the interviewer. Next, let's discuss exhibit reading. The candidate was meticulous in his approach to each exhibit, always taking the time to fully understand and digest the information presented. This helped him to quickly draw out meaningful insights and articulate potential root causes of the profitability decline. Finally, problem solving.  And I'm not entirely sure how much we could do for that. But when I look into the segments, perhaps there is a way for us to justify a higher price. So I don't really know. Cement is a commoditized product. But if there is anything we can do as an added on, maybe service maintenance services or payback guarantees and such, then we might be able to increase our price point. But in terms of the volumes, I'm not entirely sure if there is anything to be done there, especially on the segments that we're losing.  I do not fully recall the name of the segment, but that was one segment in one of the previous exhibits where we see an increase in the sales. I think it was light construction companies. Yeah. So I know that it is a small business, but at this stage, any increase would help our clients. If there's any way for us to double down on the segment, that could also be useful. What do you think of the ideas?  And we don't think that we can steal much market share if we focus, concentrate on the small manufacturing, small construction companies. Even though we increased our revenues, we will face huge competition there. So neither of the options will help much, actually. Okay. So I'm a bit puzzled here. If we cannot do anything, what could we do? I don't know. Something maybe extraordinary solution that we can come up with. I really don't know.  retail-oriented and entertainment-oriented businesses actually did have to shut down, but then they're starting to open back their business. So I'm wondering if the client would consider some drastic measures like this, maybe not a full shrinkage, but a reduction of their certain operations, especially where we are unprofitable, may help us in saving some of our recurring costs, maybe fixed costs especially. And ideally, once the economy starts to recover,  and we are saying that we want to generate a cumulative total cash of 500 million in the next couple of years. I'm not entirely sure if this is even feasible to start with. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense, actually. Okay. Yeah. Great. Would you like me to discuss some risks as well, in addition to the ones that we discussed so far? Yeah, before we complete, please. If you allow me, I'd like to actually walk you through out loud now. The first thing I'm thinking about is this economic downturn element.  maybe there's a new more innovative product um we may actually see a decline in our sales more so i would also love to check with the client if they have any other you know more uh maybe a high-tech solution and alternative that they can also work in parallel to their day-to-day operations how does it sound yeah sounds good actually but like um for the economic downturn i won't be much  at this point yeah okay may i just take a moment for it please do yeah fantastic bizarre analysis i would tell the client the following first of all it seems that there are two major factors behind this profitability decline of eight percentage points first of all the overall market is shrinking in the past two years and as a result  Like the one that we can really do at this stage is to shrink our business to an extent that ideally it will give us some of a shelter until the economy recovers. But at the same time, through sales of certain assets, we might be able to make some money. However, I would love to emphasize that given how big they are right now, a sales of $500 million or the objective of it rather may not be feasible through a simple sales of assets. So it is a number that they need to look into a little bit closer.  the explicit mention of price, volume, and variable and fixed costs. His judgment was marked by strong business acumen, which aided him in pinpointing the causes of profit decline and devising potential turnaround strategies. As for Rigger, despite the case not being heavily number-oriented, he showcased his analytical prowess by running the variable cost ratios and pinpointing that  occasional pauses to gather his thoughts. He was able to maintain his composure throughout the case. Precision was another strength. His concise responses and prompt insights ensured the case was completed in less time than usual. In the realm of active listening, he responded well to the interviewer, but could have clarified earlier whether the $500 million objective referred to 