 Danielle? Hi. Hi. Welcome to Vane. Thank you. I'm Emily. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Okay, follow me. Okay. So I propose that we just jump right into the case and get started. How does that feel? Yeah, let's do it.  wants Theo to make $1 billion over the next two years in the US. They brought us in because they have a bit of a problem. Theo has Wi-Fi built in, which is great, but that connectivity is only available currently when it has Wi-Fi. So they want to partner with a cellular carrier  Our client is NextGenTech. Our client has developed this wearable device called Thiel, which is like a computer on your wrist. It tracks your fitness, calories, you can tax from it. And our goal here is to make Thiel a $1 billion revenue. Is that correct? Yep, revenue. And in the U.S. only. Yes, we're only talking about the U.S. right now. Okay. One complication is that the device has Wi-Fi built in.  Great. Do you mind if I take some time to organize my thoughts? Go for it. Alright. So our goal is to make the $1 billion business in the US in revenue in the next two years. Yeah. And the options, the question I have to answer is to whether go with AT&T and Verizon and sign an exclusivity contract or follow other carriers. You got it. To assess the  and what is the growth expected between year one and two. Under customer base, I would like to understand the demographics of the customers, understand their price sensitivity, and choose as the likelihood of the customer base to purchase our product. Makes sense. And finally, I would like to look at the retail footprint, and see what is the number of stores we currently have for the options, and what is the sales force available. Okay, I like that.  that customers would have to pay walking out the door with you. So AT&T and Verizon are essentially helping to subsidize that $400 cost. Makes sense. I would like to know the current number of customers we have. Okay. Why do you want to understand that? Because I want to assess the total market, potential market, and calculate the penetration rate so we can see how feasible it is to get to $1 million revenue for each of the options. Okay. So I have a little bit of data for you then. Let me share that with you.  penetration rate next year? So we do have some growth rates. We know the growth rate for both AT&T and Verizon as well as for other carriers is about 20%. So what I would do to calculate the penetration rates is first of all I would estimate the potential market by multiplying the number of customers in year two.  customers in year two, which is 24 million for AT&T Verizon and 36 million, I just added 20% to each of the numbers. Ah, okay, so you did 20 times 1.2. Yeah. Okay. Now we have the price per device for each of the scenarios and here we have $400 for AT&T Verizon and $500 for option two. Okay. By multiplying  and here's one beaten by 18 again approximately 5% if that's fine. That sounds good. Yeah so both both penetration rates seem relatively low. Of course option two seems easier to achieve however since we have more carriers it's more granular it's harder to probably standardize any go-to-market  We definitely did do a customer survey and I'm excited to share it with you. So you can see here that this tells us what is the most important selection criteria for AT&T Verizon and the other carriers. So I'm assuming these numbers here are like the sample size, which means the number of customers interviewed in the survey. You're right, yep. Great. For AT&T and Verizon, the two most important selection criteria are reliability of the network and customer service.  like you have enough information? Yeah. Since the distribution channels we're talking about are the carrier stores, I'd like to understand, like take a look at the retail footprint available. Sure. And see what is the number of stores each of the options have, how good is the sales force, and do you have any data on that? I do, in fact. Here we go. So here we have the number of stores  AT&T and Verizon seem a better fit for our product. Okay, so great. So we have a meeting with the CEO tomorrow and she asked us to come in and let her know what we've learned so far, what our recommendation is based on what we've learned, any risks that we perceive, and if we have any next steps. Great. Do you mind if I take some seconds to get my thoughts? Go for it.  customers need to try it on and make sure it fit and look well. It's a good reason to have it. It's good to have more stores. Yeah. Next steps are, first of all, follow up on the risks and assess them. And finally, get the law team to write the contract and get the best terms possible for us. Great. You're done. Good job. Thank you. So next steps on our side is that we will let you know if you make it through to the next round. And you should get a call from us.  framework, I was able to refer back to it to keep us on track and stay structured. There often isn't a perfect answer to a case and what Daniel did a great job of is defending his point of view. He found the data points from throughout the case and brought them into his final recommendation. The last thing I want to mention is that Daniel did a great job of making the interview feel just like a business conversation. He asked great questions, he shared of his experience, he allowed me to go back and forth with him, and I think we had a little bit of fun. 